Documento (máximo 40 páginas) (Task to Post .PDF Deliverable II: PCA, Clustering, CA) se tiene que llamar Name1FamilyName1-Name2FamilyName2-Del2.pdf

RScript/R Markdown has to be posted in ATENEA in the Task to Post Delivery II zip file for Script/Rmarkdown and data.

PCA analysis for your data should contain:

- Eigenvalues and dominant axes analysis. How many axes we have to interpret according to Kaiser and Elbow's rule?
- Individuals point of view: Are they any individuals "too contributive"? To better understand the axes meaning use the extreme individuals. Detection of multivariant outliers and influent data.
Interpreting the axes:  Variables point of view coordinates, quality of representation, contribution of the variables  
Perform a PCA taking into account also supplementary variables the supplementary variables can be quantitative and/or categorical 
K-Means Classification

Description of clusters
Hierarchical Clustering

Description of clusters
CA analysis for your data should contain your factor version of the numeric target (previous) in K= 7 (maximum 10) levels and 2 factors:

Eigenvalues and dominant axes analysis. How many axes we have to consider
Are there any row categories that can be combined/avoided to explain the discretization of the numeric target.
 MCA analysis for your data should contain:

Eigenvalues and dominant axes analysis. How many axes we have to consider for next Hierarchical Classification stage?
Individuals point of view: Are they any individuals "too contributive"? Are there any groups?
Interpreting map of categories: average profile versus extreme profiles (rare categories)
Interpreting the axes association to factor map.
Perform a MCA taking into account also supplementary variables (use all numeric variables) quantitative and/or categorical. How supplementary variables enhance the axis interpretation?
 Hierarchical Clustering (from MCA)

Description of clusters
Parangons and class-specific individuals.
Comparison of clusters obtained after K-Means (based on PCA) and/or Hierarchical Clustering (based on PCA) focusing on Duration target.
Comparison of clusters obtained after K-Means (based on PCA) and/or Hierarchical Clustering (based on PCA) focusing on the binary target.